Remove unique slug (#9114)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/dbt-versions/release-notes.md

## May 2026

> - **Behavior change:** When you set up Single Sign-On (SSO) in the <Constant name="dbt_platform" />, the SSO slug is now system-generated and read-only. Existing SSO configurations remain valid, but you can’t edit the slug. If you delete and recreate your SSO configuration, the new configuration will use a new system-generated slug. Refer to [Single sign-on (SSO) overview](/docs/platform/manage-access/sso-overview) for more information.

Reviewer: Changing the case for consistency
```suggestion
- **Behavior change:** When you set up single sign-on (SSO) in the <Constant name="dbt_platform" />, the SSO slug is now system-generated and read-only. Existing SSO configurations remain valid, but you can’t change the slug. If you delete and recreate your SSO configuration, the new configuration uses a new, system-generated slug. Refer to [Single sign-on overview](/docs/platform/manage-access/sso-overview) for more information.
```

> - **Behavior change:** When you set up Single Sign-On (SSO) in the <Constant name="dbt_platform" />, the SSO slug is now system-generated and read-only. Existing SSO configurations remain valid, but you can’t edit the slug. If you delete and recreate your SSO configuration, the new configuration will use a new system-generated slug. Refer to [SSO slug and login URL behavior](/docs/platform/manage-access/sso-overview#sso-slug-and-login-url-behavior) for more information.

Author: ```suggestion
- **Behavior change:** When you set up Single Sign-On (SSO) in the <Constant name="dbt_platform" />, the SSO slug is now system-generated and read-only. Existing SSO configurations remain valid, but you can’t edit the slug. If you delete and recreate your SSO configuration, the new configuration will use a new system-generated slug. Refer to [Single sign-on (SSO) overview](/docs/platform/manage-access/sso-overview) for more information.
```
